Add More Hints to GB0219 (#36)
pytorch-labs/compile-graph-break-site: docs/gb/gb0219.md

*Hints on how to resolve the graph break*

- Report an issue to the backend compiler repo.

> - Replace the section with a [custom PyTorch operator](https://docs.pytorch.org/tutorials/advanced/custom_ops_landing_page.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the problematic code causing the backend error with a [custom PyTorch operator](https://docs.pytorch.org/tutorials/advanced/custom_ops_landing_page.html). 
```

Author: @williamwen42 thanks for the review, it has been changed according to your suggestion.
